[shopsys] tweak docs about social login settings (#3515)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/integration/social-networks.md

For every social network, you need `app_id` and `app_secret`. Below you have information on where and how to get them. The credentials then need to be set to the corresponding environment variables.

> Every social network require URL for backward redirect to you app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every social network require URL for backward redirect to the eshop.
```

or maybe `to the app`? Or maybe it's some form of the sentence I'm not aware of 🤔

> In Shopsys platform, you have to add url `{eshop_domain}/social-network/login/{type}` where `{eshop_domain}` is your domain and `{type}` is social network name, e.g.: `google`, `facebook`, `seznam`, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Shopsys Platform, you have to add URL `{eshop_domain}/social-network/login/{type}` where `{eshop_domain}` is your domain and `{type}` is the social network name, e.g.: `google`, `facebook`, `seznam`, etc.
```

> For local development, social networks usually require https.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For local development, login via social networks usually requires https.
```

### Facebook

-   go to site https://developers.facebook.com/ and log into Facebook account
-   create [application](https://developers.facebook.com/apps)
-   in that application, in `App settings` → `Basic` you will find `app_id` and `app_secret`

> P.S.: If you are owner of the Facebook application, and you log in with this owner account, email will not come after login, more info: https://github.com/hybridauth/hybridauth/issues/1372#issuecomment-1542447803

Reviewer: note / warning / info admonition? We usually don't use P.S. in the documentation

Reviewer: I'm not sure what exactly the `email will not come after login` means... Like email is not delivered? Or the email address is not returned from the facebook in the data?

Author: this was an original note by Peterko, I do not want to dig much deeper into this, I am afraid of Balrog...however, I have changed it to "warning" and rewritten it a little bit in 93de253eeb

### Google

-   log into Google account and create [OAuth 2.0 Client IDs](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials)

>     -   first, you need to create a project,

Reviewer: i'm not sure whether items in the bullet list should end with the comma

Author: Interesting, I thought this is correct grammar but probably just in Czech. Rewritten in 50bb802b0e

Author: ok, that rendered terribly :sweat_smile: 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fcacaf83-8406-493e-93c7-c9f137c5664d)

Changed back to the unordered list in d762a365e3 :smile:

    -   then you have to need to click on "+ create credentials" and select "OAuth client ID",
    -   then, click on "configure consent screen" and fill in the required fields (choose an "internal" user type).
    -   After you configure the consent screen, once again click on "+ create credentials" and select "OAuth client ID".
    -   As an application type, choose "web application" and fill in the required fields.

>     -   You need to add an authorized redirect URI here, which is `{eshop_domain}/social-network/login/google`

Reviewer: Maybe we should emphasizes the requirements for the multi-domain shop? is it necessary to add all eshop domains as redirect URI?

Author: That is a good point, I have added it to the general info in 6d9234a33c

Also, I am going to modify our apps to allow all the domains :pray:
